--
Glyph Cognitive Field (GCF)

Hello, thank you for checking out my open repository. It's not much as comparable to many projects out there on GitHub.
With that said, my methods to come to such a conclusion are unorthodox: index cards as fractals to illustrate our cognition.
The intersection between Cyberpsychology, science, math, and art—where we extract cognitive functions.

Many creations, yet the variables feel infinite. If you feel inspired or moved by the art, I suggest drawing your own sub-variants
of fractals. How do we create such pieces to feel the geometry within the bones and mind? I know it sounds silly to express,
but there are hidden chains of sequences to discover what is already within us.
Grab a pen, sit down, and grab some index cards. Start with a black pen; you can move onto color once the geometry comes into play—or not,
your choice. Listen to music that specifically feels like you can harmonize with the music spiritually that makes you feel in a heightened state.
Classical, Rock, Jazz, Hip-Hop—it actually does matter in a specific way that requires attention to what you listen to, geometric as 
such sounds shape our next art piece.
I have not perfected my methods, but in such cases, the skill to understand math abstractly is the goal.
In some ways, I don't know how I did it, but I sharpened my discernment to know what was from within. I had to spill it on paper as 
the higher dimensions I can somehow canvas into a 2D artifact of what's really in there—a process of my cognitive functions.
My goal is 256 index cards spanning multiple regions of the abstract field of math where the subconscious and the mind intersect,
hidden in manifolds of processes within our own brains. 
Mapping the regions where cognition illustrations intersect into neural pathways
of nodes like constellations in the stars. I don't do this for money, a job, or for gratification or external influences like Reddit
posts, so you checking out my repo—just getting the view—is enough for me. So thank you for stopping by to see what my project is.

— Sean R / Cyrus / Edenpoet
